Solitude in white darkness.
Prayer echoing across a cramped room.
What am I going to do?
This is bad.
Ithea?
Aye aye.
I'm Ithea Myse Valgulious!
And...
Who are you?
WorldEnd:
What do you do at the end of the world?
Are you busy?
Will you save us?
Wh-Who am I? What are you...
Spell it out for me.
Chtholly Nota Seniorious.
Guess I didn't need to worry!
You're still Chtholly, all right.
Worry... What are you talking about?
Why would you worry?
You have to ignore those nonsensical visions,
words, and memories of a past life.
Otherwise, they'll eat away at you,
and you'll lose your memories
and your sense of self.
So these really are memories?
A red-haired girl keeps talking—
Don't think about her anymore!
She doesn't matter.
She has nothing to do with you.
She's a total stranger,
of no relation to you.
Think about yourself, as much as you can.
Cling to your memories so they aren't
swept away by someone else's!
No generating venenum, either.
What were you thinking back there?
B-But I had to—
Ow.
No "buts"!
You may have come back once,
but who knows what might
happen next time?
Avoid anything that might trigger
a memory of a past life.
Don't generate venenum.
If you wanna stick around
as long as possible,
you'll follow these two rules!
My disintegration hasn't really stopped, huh?
Even so, you decided to live on, right?
Mind if I tell you an old story?
It's about a girl I know very well.
Just like you, her past life
ate away at her,
and her entire persona vanished.
Meanwhile, the girl who woke in
her place was also at a loss.
She thought she'd died,
but now she found herself
in an unfamiliar place and body!
Who am I?
Fortunately, she found a diary.
The girl who'd disappeared had
updated it every day without fail.
Are you...
A cheery busybody who kept sticking
her nose in other people's business
but never revealed her own true feelings.
That's the kind of girl
Ithea Myse Valgulious was...
Back then, I even thought
about killing myself.
But that would've been meaningless.
The only way I could atone
was to take over as Ithea
without letting anyone find out.
I've kept telling myself that and
somehow made it all the way to today.
Oh...
I see.
Maybe I should start a diary, too.
Do you want someone to
take over your life?
How does the Chtholly here, right now,
want to live the life she has?
The Chtholly here, right now...
It's getting kinda chilly.
I'm not as warm as Nephren,
but make do.
Thank you. You're actually pretty warm.
Glad to hear it.
Chtholly...
Are you gonna keep this from the TO?
Yeah. It'd only worry him more.
I won't beg for sympathy
like some tragic heroine.
Oh, I see.
Right now, I just want to savor the joy
of being by his side like usual.
There's that whole "look at me,
I'm in love" shtick.
You're definitely still Chtholly!
Jeez...
You're the first.
The first person I've ever told
about Ithea and her diary.
It can be our little secret, then.
Aren't you going to ask?
Don't you want to know my real name
or the kind of person I was?
You're Ithea, too.
A cheery busybody who keeps sticking
her nose in other people's business
but never reveals her own true feelings.
Our fellow fairy and our precious friend.
Nobody else.
I really am grateful to hear it.
All right!
Oh? It was you, Chtholly?
Oh, sorry.
Was I too loud?
Your hair...
Not bad, right?
Yes, you're owning it!
Right?
I'm done moping about.
Even the sadness that tears me apart
and the tears that are
always ready to flow
prove that I'm still here.
All the worries,
frustration,
Hey!
sorrow,
and joy...
They're all parts that make up
the person standing here right now,
who is, without a doubt, me.
Chtholly.
Yes, at least for now.
Knitting?
It's gotten quite cold lately.
And the little ones aren't
dressed warmly enough.
Is that so?
Yeah.
Well? Don't you think
this color suits me, too?
What's wrong?
Don't worry.
Okay.
If you say so.
Thanks, Ren.
How's Collon's cold?
Is she gonna be okay?
Still not over the hump, I'd say.
I'll go get some medicine later.
Okay.
My, this is great! You've improved!
Chtholly...
When you get the chance,
put this under Collon's pillow.
It's an ancient talisman to prevent
nightmares when you have a cold.
What? Didn't you hear me?
Her cold has lasted a while now.
O-Oh, right... Collon.
Got it.
Wow, I didn't know
you had something so handy.
It's a part of Seniorious.
Seniorious?
Didn't I tell you that dug weapons are
comprised of several different talismans?
The others prevent cuts when
the blade isn't imbued with magic,
or raise an alarm when
the wielder uses an alias...
Kinda useless, so we can ignore—
Put it back, right this instant!
What is wrong with you?!
Dug weapons aren't just
everyday charms!
They are ultimate weapons!
Get your priorities straight!
Oh, don't be silly...
Collon's getting a good night's sleep
obviously takes priority.
What will I do with you?
Oh, whatever.
I'm worried about her, too.
Just put it back before
you go to the surface.
Sure.
Speaking of the surface, are they okay?
Nopht and Rhantolk, was it?
No need to worry for now, it seems.
For what it's worth, the military is
rushing to finish the ship's remodeling.
That's good to hear.
I'm worried about that artifact
they recovered, too.
What was it called, Lapidemsibilus?
You worry too much about me.
Talk about an overprotective father...
Shut it.
Well, better that than "sugar daddy."
Oh, come on... Not you, too.
S-Stop it. What are you even saying?
Hup.
Huh...
What?
You've gotten much better
at these things lately.
It gives you a more traditional, girly charm—
I-I have to count the stitches,
so don't distract me!
What? I'm complimenting you.
Let me focus, jeez!
You're still up, Rhan?
Yes.
Man, how long is the rescue squad gonna take?
I heard we got word that
it'll take them a bit longer to prepare.
You're reading that again?
Yes.
Figure anything out?
No.
But I think I can come up with an
alternate interpretation for this.
"Humans by the surface..."
No.
"By the humans, the surface..."
"The surface's..."?
Nopht, get off me.
It's open.
Staying up late again?
Yeah, kinda.
Huh...
Uh, say...
You know those things you do?
Could you teach me to do them, too?
Like how to tune swords.
And that thing you did for me.
You know, the deal...
Wh-What's with the look?
What's gotten into you, really?
Lately, you haven't given me much
attention because you've been busy.
But the time I spend learning
will count as time with you.
Oh, come on...
Although I can't fight, I'm forcing you
to take me to the surface.
I want to be of use.
Neither of those is a skill
you can master overnight.
You need to put in lots
of time and effort.
Don't get too worked up.
Despite how you feel,
I won't make you push yourself.
I wouldn't be pushing myself.
Don't play dumb.
You've been losing your memories, right?
You knew?
It was obvious from watching you.
So you were watching me.
But if we have Lapidemsibilus,
we won't have to worry about that.
A map of the surface?
Yeah. It's the area near the ruins,
where the survey team was attacked.
Isn't this where the rescue squad
is supposed to land?
It's a bit close to camp, isn't it?
Oh, but I guess that makes it
easier to transfer the haul.
What do we have here?
Aren't you quick on the uptake.
I am your secretary, after all!
That's your home, right?
It used to be, 500 years ago.
Do you want to go back?
This place is our home now.
That's right.
Say, what was your city like?
Did it have good food?
Anyone you were in love with?
What's all this? Why the sudden interrogation?
One needs detailed intel on
their destination beforehand, right?
Give me a minute.
Let me get some tea for myself.
Give me a break... You're just curious.
This is great.
Rather than worry and stand still,
I'll keep walking, one step at a time.
My footsteps may fade behind me,
and the path ahead may be dark.
But I won't regret the past
or be pessimistic about the future.
I shall simply live in the moment.
Because no matter how I fight it,
the clock keeps ticking down on me.
Eleven, twelve,
thirteen, fourteen...
All right!
Auntie Ny!
And time keeps passing me by.
I'm glad I finished in time.
Ah, this is for... Tiat.
R-Right!
Thank you so much!
I'll treasure it forever!
This one is for... Lakhesh!
Um, thank you very much!
Hey, what about me?
What about me?
Wait your turn, Collon.
Here you go, Collon.
Whoa, so warm!
The rest of you hurry and
get over here, too.
Chtholly's giving out presents!
What's with this party?
It's a snowfall fest.
On snowy nights, when you can't go out,
you wine and dine all night long.
Huh...
It's a popular event now,
but originally, it was a troll festival.
Uh...
I think I'll pass on the details...
Well, let's say it's also a
send-off for all of you.
It's not that big a deal.
We have presents for
the older fairies, too.
Though they aren't exactly from us...
Gosh!
You look so lovely, I could
eat you up right now!
I-I can't breathe!
And you'll wrinkle my dress!
That's a high-class lady for you!
I tip my hat to Lady Phyr's taste.
Why would she send us all this?
For the snowfall fest, apparently.
Er, "Thank you for all
your help back then.
They aren't much, but I sent some
gifts for the snowfall fest.
I hope you all visit
Corna di Luce again."
What is it, Ren?
You get this.
Don't worry about it.
Why, that little...
Wow!
Get going...
This is the time to compliment her, TO.
Uh, but...
Say everything you want.
Ask about everything you want.
You know better than anyone that
putting it off can be a bad idea, right?
So cool!
Hey, Chtholly...
You look beautiful.
Do...
Don't I?
This should be enough clothing.
What about books?
Chtholly, it's almost time to leave.
Oh, okay.
Who am I?
Later.
We're off.
Slowly but surely,
my memories are fading away.
The person I am is crumbling away.
You girls be good, you hear?
We'll prepare a "welcome back"
party for you as we wait.
Don't push yourself.
It's a promise, okay?
Of course.
I'm sorry.
The truth is...
I've forgotten more than half
of what I knew about you all.
I can relearn names I've forgotten,
but the memories I've lost
won't ever return.
As everything I am falls apart,
can I even be called Chtholly at this point?
I'm heartbroken, hurt, and just so sad.
But right now, I want to hold all
these feelings close to my heart.
Because the moment they disappear, too,
there will be nothing left of me.
Ren!
I never expected you to be
part of the rescue squad!
Man, you're as tiny as ever!
Hey, since you're here,
that means the massive timere was taken out...
So Chtholly opened the Fairy Gate, right?
Well, uh...
You know, we never got along well.
But now, I feel like I should
have talked to her more.
Uh...
What? Let me grieve for Chtholly.
Long time no see, Nopht.
Gho—
Go where?
Ghost!
Hey, wait up!
Nopht!
Stay away from me!
Hear me out!
Talk about lively.
Next Episode
my happiness
Next Episode:
my happiness.